Ragnarok Press Shareware AgreementBy using or installing this software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. Number of Users: This shareware font is licensed to you and you alone as an evaluation copyDuration of Use: This shareware font may be used for private purposes or for evaluation for a periodof 30 days, after which time it must be either registered or uninstalled.Redistribution: You may not redistribute or duplicate this shareware font by any means withoutexpress written permission from Ragnarok Press.Modifications. You may not modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, orcreate derivative works based on the Scriptorium product without prior written consent fromRagnarok Press.Backups: You may make one (1) copy of this Scriptorium product solely for backup purposesprovided the copyright and trademark notices are reproduced in their entirety on the backupcopy.Use & Registration of Fonts: Fonts included in this package are distributed as shareware.  Use of the font in any form other than personal evaluation obligates the user to purchase the full version of the font.  This can be done from our website at http://www.fontcraft.com or by phone with a credit card by calling 1-800-797-8973, or by mail from Ragnarok, POB 140333, Austin, TX 78714.Limited Warranty: This font is distributed as shareware with no warranty ofany kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties ofmerchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. It doed not have a complete character set or other features which are in the full version of the font.   Ragnarok Press does not warrant that the functions contained in the Scriptorium Product will meet your requirements or that the operation of the software will be uninterrupted or error free.If you want a full font with a full warranty, purchase the complete version.Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, tort, contract, or otherwise, shall RagnarokPress or its suppliers or resellers be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, special,incidental, or consequential damages of any character including, without limitation, damages forloss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercialdamages or losses.This Agreement represents the complete agreement concerning this license between the partiesand supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them. It may be amended onlyby a writing executed by both parties. If any provision of this Agreement is held to beunenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary tomake it enforceable.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of theState of Texas.All contents of this package Copyright 2000, Ragnarok PressIf you have any questions concerning this Agreement, or if you desire to contact Ragnarok Press for any reason, please contact us in writing at:Ragnarok PressPOB 140333Austin, TX  78714or through our website at:http://www.ragnarokpress.com/scriptorium